c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MyYelp.dll.config
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MyYelp.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MyYelp.pdb
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\obj\Debug\MyYelp.dll
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\obj\Debug\MyYelp.pdb
c:\users\ninad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyYelp\MyYelp\obj\Debug\MyYelp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
